Add W&B (#56)
tensorchord/Awesome-LLMOps: README.md

- [deeplake](https://github.com/activeloopai/deeplake) ![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/activeloopai/Hub.svg?style=social) - Stream large multimodal datasets to achieve near 100% GPU utilization. Query, visualize, & version control data. Access data w/o the need to recompute the embeddings for the model finetuning.
- [GPTCache](https://github.com/zilliztech/GPTCache) ![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/zilliztech/GPTCache.svg?style=social) - Creating semantic cache to store responses from LLM queries.
- [Haystack](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack) ![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/deepset-ai/haystack.svg?style=social) - Quickly compose applications with LLM Agents, semantic search, question-answering and more.
- [langchain](https://github.com/hwchase17/langchain) ![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/hwchase17/langchain.svg?style=social) - Building applications with LLMs through composability
- [LlamaIndex](https://github.com/jerryjliu/llama_index) ![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/jerryjliu/llama_index.svg?style=social) - Provides a central interface to connect your LLMs with external data.

> - [Weights & Biases (Prompts)](https://github.com/wandb/wandb) ![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/wandb/wandb.svg?style=social) - A suite of LLMOps tools within the developer-first W&B MLOps platform. Utilize W&B Prompts for visualizing and inspecting LLM execution flow, tracking inputs and outputs, viewing intermediate results, securely managing prompts and LLM chain configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Weights & Biases (Prompts)](https://docs.wandb.ai/guides/prompts)- A suite of LLMOps tools within the developer-first W&B MLOps platform. Utilize W&B Prompts for visualizing and inspecting LLM execution flow, tracking inputs and outputs, viewing intermediate results, securely managing prompts and LLM chain configurations.
```
